TO RUN AND TEST APPLICATION:

1. Load dist/index.html in a browser.

List of 10 locations should appear in list.
Map of 10 locations with 10 markers should appear.
Filter input field should read "Type Location Here".
Locations that are parks will have green markers.
Other locations will have red markers.


2. Click on any marker on map.

Marker should bounce for two seconds.
Info Window should open.
Info Window for neighborhoods should include three URL links and text from
the New York Times's data API (the three most recent articles
on this location).
Info Window for parks should show link(s) to wikipedia.


3. Click on link in Info Window

Should open link in another tab in the browser.


4. Click on a marker while another marker is already bouncing.

The first marker should stop bouncing.
Only the most recently clicked marker should bounce.
The info window of the first marker should also disappear.


5. Hover over names of locations in list.

The color of text and background should change.


6. Click on name of location in list.

Map should zoom to that location.
Marker should bounce.
Info Window should open.


7. Click once on Filter Input Field.

The string "Type Location Here" should disappear.
This allows the user to type in a new string.


8. Enter text in Filter Input Field.

Text should be matched, in real time, letter by letter,
against locations (case insensitive, full-text search).
For instance, typing "ho" should match the location "Soho".
Matched location (only) should appear in list.
Matched location should be zoomed in on map.
InfoWindow should NOT open.
Marker should NOT bounce.

Note: there is also a Filter button which will perform
the same functions.  The "real time" search function makes
the Filter button redundant.


9. Click "Reset" button.  (Note: This is additional functionality.)
All 10 locations should appear in list view.
All 10 locations and markers should appear in map.


10. Resize window to less than 768px in width.

"Menu" icon should appear in top right corner.
Purple margin should appear around map image to allow for scrolling on mobile.
(otherwise, one could only scroll the map itself.)

In landscape mode on mobile, the height of map is reduced to fit better on the screen.


11. Resize window after filtering to one marker (or clicking on name in list).

Prior to the resize, the zoom level should be 15.
After the resize, it should remain at 15.

"Resize" includes changing from landscape to portrait on mobile.


12. Click on "Menu" icon (only visible below 768 px).

List view, filter input field, filter button, and reset button should disappear.
Click again and they should reappear.


13. Error Handling:

If the Google places library can't be reached, an alert window displays in browser.
If Google's service.textSearch doesn't respond, the map element displays an error.
If the New York Times API doesn't respond, the InfoWindow displays an error.
If the Wikipedia API doesn't respond, the InfoWindow displays an error.
If the submit on Input Filter Field has no matches, the list view shows an error.


14. Build Environment:

Unzip nodes.modules.zip.
Run "gulp build".
This will minimize relevant files in src/ and put the results in dist/.
